very good gentlemen degrees educational health
and today we are going to give on two
very interesting things first is the
work is very cool or first let's talk
about resident and came back from Lebanon
Monday day I was not working here
on the internet and newly whole and I hope that
many people but the truth won me all
tweet just warned me rest and
now with what I am going to comment is
cool just and again have a
remastered hd version and the recio
level and low pressure 1 is sold
for play 3 play 4 xbox 360 xbox one and
pc in high definition
according to famitsu it's all
daily good most likely the most
likely it could suddenly come to
end of the year is not seen or not
I know because he was obviously trying to
watch the video for trying in Japanese but
yes it's true the resident producers
evil are going to take the version
remasterizada remasterizada of this no
so official date has not yet but
cap with an announcement that the game
It would be 2015 this is now
small update that just came out
right now on the web page that I'm
not seeing but you know received to the version
super hd is coming with all dad
the big question is you are going to buy it
I do another thing is how desperate
is capcom to get new this receipt
in hd eye I do not say it's wrong but the
last just like they got no
are so gloomy is not based more on the
action and not in the horror that was advancing
until I receive the veronica code I think
but 4 was good but there was more action
that's why it's good idea and the 5 on 6
how good are they referred but not
has the horror not that it showed us in
every region and bolt but well what
you know new and you come in super h
so to celebrate something else
Major mortal Kombat X mortal date of
that of mortal kombat there are videos already there
videos of the god of thunder you have
raiden so the people of nature to the
Studies has already released a new video
showing the three forms of
raid on this character of mortal kombat
x videos so they do not know I leave you the
decision link to watch the video
of mortal kombat and also the version
diebold 1h of an interview with the people
who does this game so I say goodbye
official live for it to comment
and obviously you and I will see each other
until the next pass on a nice day